absolutely seems to be a fine condoms
odd yeah
aisel has said a lot of stuff that I
really kind of gravitated towards he's
also used the term permanent vacation
which I do believe at least in context
of veganism he did coin so I will credit
him with that I think there's a lot of
truth to that as well so I wouldn't say
I'm a big fan of his though as of today
why do they need to you hear sleeve
money yeah imagine to show you that why
would you donate to him you hear sleeve
money yeah there's a lot of evidence to
show you houses right
he said you using it to get vegan
ichi-chan taking down
you rascai hey he actually was trying to
take a youtuber to jail I believe is he
wants this youtuber in jail is what he
said yeah the exact thing that I do
regret doing that that was wrong I
shouldn't have donated and promoted that
fundraiser the way I did I do apologize
in clean money yeah I'm low that you can
show you out